Lilliana Robinson: Recording.
Lilliana Robinson: So today is super exciting because we're going to show you the hub for our program, and you'll all get access to basecamp by the end of the day, probably after our next session together. I'm also super excited to hear from each of you about your companies later today. So this one should be pretty quick. I'll stay on to ask questions or to answer questions, but
Lilliana Robinson: I have a deck that I'm going to go through to teach a little bit about base camp and just our philosophies around project management as well as how to use the tool. Then I'll do a live demo, and then I'll answer questions and then we'll wrap.
Lilliana Robinson: So
Lilliana Robinson: let's start out with
Lilliana Robinson: just base camp in general. So base camp is a Chicago based company.
Lilliana Robinson: They are pretty near and dear to Neil's heart, because the founders are his mentors, and helped a lot with his 1st startup, which you'll hear about in his founders story. So you may get the chance to meet the founders. They're very busy, but we've been talking to them about coming. They might come to Demo Day. I'm not sure so we're working on that. But
Lilliana Robinson: here, Akadina, it's not showing like full screen.
akadinayadegar: Sorry. Okay, I was gonna check if you're seeing which side. So let me.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, you're good. I'll just keep talking. So the founders are Jason freed, and David Henmeier Hansen. They are also kind of famous for ideologies in the startup world. They're
Lilliana Robinson: very much into like bootstrapping, building a good business and being really obsessed with customers, and then they kind of go hand in hand with Bob Mesta, who Neil talked about yesterday with the customer discovery framework that we'll teach you tomorrow. So they're good friends with Bob. Neil met Bob through the base camp team, and we have a special deal with them so that all of you are able to use basecamp during this tech stars program
Lilliana Robinson: for free, which is awesome. That I don't think anyone else in the world has that that's just a special friends discount that Neil has. So with all of that being said.
Lilliana Robinson: we use basecamp because of its amazing features, for
Lilliana Robinson: asynchronous communication, for logging and documenting everything and for all of it being in one place. So during the jobs to be done, or customer discovery workshop tomorrow we'll get a lot more into like base camps, philosophy, and how they serve their customers, because we actually use them as an example. So I'll wait to talk more about like the in depth kind of why, behind it. I'll just talk to you about the how today. So we can go to the next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: So
Lilliana Robinson: a 1 purpose of us having you use basecamp during this program other than it being easy for you, so that we have a hub with everything in it is to also level up your project management skills. Project management is something both Neil and I are very passionate about, and we find is really important. As a founder. We will have several founders come in to talk to you about project management, in addition to having a whole day next week dedicated to project management.
Lilliana Robinson: And part of that is what kind of systems you're using and training up good hygiene and good skills so that it doesn't matter what system you're using. You can use those skills across anything. And you have this good
Lilliana Robinson: hygiene of how you're managing your tasks, managing your team, communicating, etc. So while we're using basecamp to run our program. We're also teaching you guys special skills with how you communicate with us so that you can bring those into your company. And we've seen that 1st hand with some of our alumni. They bring the principles that they learned while in program with working with us via basecamp into notion, Asana, whatever they're going to use for their company, and they use the same principles.
Lilliana Robinson: so we can go to the next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: We also value asynchronous communication. So Neil talked about flow state yesterday. It's very important to us for you guys to have large blocks of time to work. We really believe that there's no other way to get quality work done other than being uninterrupted.
Lilliana Robinson: We do have a lot of programming sessions. So outside of those programming sessions, we try to make sure that your time is protected, because we know you'll have a lot to do when you're not on call learning with us. So
Lilliana Robinson: we don't have a lot of
Lilliana Robinson: synchronous communication that we force you to do. We don't have stand ups. A lot of programs have daily stand ups where 9 Am. Every day they'll get on a call and talk about what they're gonna do. We don't do that. We don't need to get on a call for a 1 on one every other day to like, hear an update from you guys, we stay in constant communication with you guys. But it's on your time. And that's actually how our team works. So the program is mirrored off of how our team works every single day of the year, whether we're in program or not. And I really value the asynchronous communication, because
Lilliana Robinson: your time becomes your own, and you're the steward of your own time, and people can't take that away from you because they'll send you a message, and you respond when you can, so that your work is never interrupted or forcibly interrupted.
Lilliana Robinson: Next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: Another part of using basecamp is that you do have to agree to default, to writing things out clearly and effectively. This is one tenant of
Lilliana Robinson: asynchronous communication working well, if it's not going to be.
Lilliana Robinson: If people aren't going to be dedicated to writing things out, the asynchronous communication is going to fall through, so they kind of go hand in hand, a lot of people coming to the program. And they're not very strong writers. A lot of us are just super technical, and maybe don't have that skill. So in this program you'll also get that skill. Since we'll be asynchronous so much you'll be writing things out a lot more, and your writing communication will become a lot more clear and effective.
Lilliana Robinson: which is great because writing is the way that we communicate with everybody. You'll write better emails. You'll be able to write to your team better, and just in general.
Lilliana Robinson: So
Lilliana Robinson: one part of writing things out saves meeting time. So like I said, you don't have to jump on call. But also people can refer back to write ups. So one reason I like write ups is, our team has changed a lot over the last year, and we have so many decisions that we've made so so much documentation that we have, and all of our new team members we've hired like Akadena here
Lilliana Robinson: she can go back and read through all of the logs, documents, message posts, everything that we've made in base camp, and she can know exactly why we made certain decisions. She can read threads of when we were deciding certain things. She can understand why we do everything we do without us having to rehash things. If those all happened on zoom or on meetings, there's no way for people to get spun up quickly. So that's referring back. But also
Lilliana Robinson: everyone in the current present day can stay in the know. So when you have a meeting, typically, you only pull in the relevant people. And then everyone who was not in that meeting is blind to what decisions were made, or why.
Lilliana Robinson: But if you have write ups and you're doing it kind of in the public eye of your team. Maybe not. Everybody needs to contribute on the write up or on the thread, but everyone can see it. So there's like a transparency that comes with that which
Lilliana Robinson: contributes to a really positive team culture.
Lilliana Robinson: So there are a lot of side effects that are benefits from writing things out clearly and effectively. But this is required for asynchronous communication to work. So that's something that we'll all work on during this program. You'll see a lot of the communication you get from us is not going to be set on zoom. It's going to be written up in pages and pages of documents that we'll share on base camp that we've iterated over time like the program handbook, for example, or the email update I sent you last Friday.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, we can go to the next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: So another thing in the program kind of a little carrot here is thoughtful messages and organized documents and completing the to dos in basecamp unlocks more value of the program so you can go through and do the bare minimum. And you'll get a lot out of the program like
Lilliana Robinson: we've designed it so that you will get a full program experience. However, if you take a liking to the assignments and modules that we put together to the readings that we put together and the things that we prescribe to you, it will actually unlock more value in the program. So we have a whole menu of things that we can give you outside of the core curriculum, which is already extremely comprehensive.
Lilliana Robinson: and for those who want to delve even deeper. You can do this, and it also unlocks more time with Neil, because a lot of the things we're giving you. If you want to dive deeper. He is all for that. So if you complete everything, and you're really passionate about one aspect, maybe you really like Kpis, and you want to dig deeper and make sure you're measuring the right things, and you've done everything we've given you
Lilliana Robinson: that unlocks a 1 on one with Neil, where he can delve deeper with you. Be a thought partner with you. He's excited to do so. So we kind of put this incentive structure in place for the people who want to go even further. This is not a requirement, I would say, probably 80% of the class every single time does what I would call just the core program that we have laid out for you. And they do every required aspect.
Lilliana Robinson: And they get a full program experience. Honestly, they get even more than they ever could have imagined. So this is just if you're super passionate about one area, we also have a lot of modules already pre designed in the back end in templates that we can instantiate for you at any time. So outside of you, going ahead and completing or going above and beyond on a certain area. If you have a need.
Lilliana Robinson: we can also instantiate a module for you from our what I'm calling a menu. For example, if you're having issues between your co-founders. We've had that happen during program. A lot. 2 co-founders are deciding if they should continue working together. So we have a managing co-founders, relationships. Module that we've instantiated for a lot of founders things like that. So it'll be on an as needed basis as you let Neil and I know what you're going through as well as we can delve deeper into anything that you guys are interested in.
NSG: Liliana, just to add one extra thing here, it also unlocks our ability to connect you with high high value mentors and experts around certain subject matters as well. Because one of the things that we've learned over time is, it's a mistake to just directly connect a founder to an expert when they haven't done the prep. Work and the
NSG: the initial steps required for them to be ready for that conversation. So we do a lot of work with you all, to prepare you to come correct to the folks that
NSG: would have high value interactions with you. If you make sure that you
NSG: have all the right questions, ready to go.
Lilliana Robinson: Agreed.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, we can go to the next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: So base camp is what we'll use to run our program.
Lilliana Robinson: We can go to the next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: Let's learn the basics. Okay, next.
Lilliana Robinson: So this is what you'll see when you go on to Basecamp.
Lilliana Robinson: You won't have all of these projects. But this is a screenshot of what my screen used to look like.
Lilliana Robinson: You'll see in the demo what it looks like now, it's gotten even more complex. But I want to talk you through this homepage and what we're looking at. So, Akadena, there's going to be some arrows, so I'll just keep saying next. So 1st is the program. Hq.
Lilliana Robinson: The program. Hq. It'll say 2024 San Francisco program. Hq. All of you will be in it. Every single one who's a full time program participant. So everyone who fills out the class roster we will add everybody based on who has already filled out the class roster. I know it's due tomorrow, so we'll do 2 sweeps of adding people to base camp. We'll add people at the end of the day today, and at the end of the day tomorrow, after the deadline.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, yeah, Chloe, Chloe and Neil use dark mode. So that's also an option. You'll see this program. Hq, that is the Hub, for where the program happens. That's where all of us will be in there together. That's where my announcements go. That's where workshop recordings go all resources. That's where you guys can talk amongst yourselves with us in there. Of course, you can have your own private channel as well. But that is our Hq.
Lilliana Robinson: Next year you will also have your own individual project. So Cape Inclusion was one of our companies in 2,022,
Lilliana Robinson: and
Lilliana Robinson: that pro project has only your team members and our team members. So that's where we get in the weeds with you on your specific business. There aren't other classmates in there that's just for your business. That's where you'll submit
Lilliana Robinson: deliverables. You'll upload files. You'll ask us questions you'll gain. You'll get asynchronous help. You can post a message in there, and we can go back and forth with what we think. That happens a lot, and it's super helpful to the team. Because we're able to have like a thousand conversations going on at once with all of you, since it's asynchronous. So we can be helping everybody every day with many different problems, since it only takes a few minutes to write a response
Lilliana Robinson: versus having a bunch of meanings.
Lilliana Robinson: Another thing for your individual company project is that any part time program participants that you guys have. So maybe some co-founders team members who aren't participating full time. They can be in that project.
Lilliana Robinson: So a lot of people have like their devs in there. Their designer, whoever else is like maybe not fully participating in program. They can go in there. So the Hq. Will be only our full time program participants, because it's a lot of relevant program information. But in your company project that should be everybody who's relevant to you, even if they're part time so that everybody can be involved in the work on the business.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: up top you have this toolbar. So we're already at home. I usually skip, line up. That's something you guys can use if you want it's just kind of everything happening.
Lilliana Robinson: Pings is the most important up here for you, because that is Dms.
Lilliana Robinson: So we try not to overly rely on pings, because, like I said about the written communication.
Lilliana Robinson: like I said about the written communication, it doesn't allow for everybody to see. So if you do, pings, everything's kind of siphoned off in like a 1 on one conversation, and you're not getting the benefit of everyone being able to see the thread or contribute. So a lot of the benefit of like, for example, Cape Inclusion down here, if they wrote a message post asking Neil for their advice, and they put it in their
Lilliana Robinson: company project. Then Chloe or I could also lean in and say, Hey, actually, I know this mentor that could help with this, even though you were originally asking Neil. So it allows for a lot more contribution and collaboration for pings. That's a lot more like you need to DM us something specific, maybe personal. Or you need to let Chloe know you're going to miss a workshop. You have a quick question, where do I find this? That's kind of where we want things in the Dms. We don't want?
Lilliana Robinson: really complex questions that we should like discuss out to live there. It's not good hygiene. You won't be able to look back on it, so I'll show you where to put it instead. So just make sure we're not overly relying on pings. It's easy to do so. I'm just giving you that warning now, but you can do group chats, and you can do one on one, so all of us will be in there. You can also ping your fellow classmates so it's a great way to make friends help each other. I remember some of you were going to ping each other restaurant recommendations, things like that. That's how you'll do it.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, next.
Lilliana Robinson: hey? Hey? Is like your phone's notification center. So you'll get a little red dot when you've missed stuff. That's basically every time someone has tagged you every time I've
Lilliana Robinson: chosen to notify you with something I've posted. Maybe a team member of yours is writing something in your company project. You'll get automatically notified for all of that. So your hey should be something that you go through every day because it'll basically show you everything you need to be aware of, and everything that you get notified for from our team is purposeful. So you're not going to get a bunch of random notifications. Base camp is really good about allowing us to choose. If we notify you.
Lilliana Robinson: Not. So you'll get notifications on relevant announcements, etc. So make sure you're reading that.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: at the at the top right is your settings, so you'll see a little bubble with your initials. Once you get onboarded to Basecam.
Lilliana Robinson: I have 2 asks that I'll show you in the demo the very 1st things you should do when you pull up this page and you just logged in is one. Add a headshot
Lilliana Robinson: so, as you can see in all these little bubbles. Everybody has a headshot except a couple of people, and you see they have initials. It is so much easier when we can see everybody's face.
Lilliana Robinson: To differentiate who's speaking. It's just like way faster than seeing people's initials. So everybody here needs to add a headshot 1st and foremost, before you do anything, and the second thing is going to be changing your notification settings, and I'll show you how to do that in the demo.
Lilliana Robinson: Your notifications
Lilliana Robinson: right now. Our default set to send you an email every time you get a notification
Lilliana Robinson: you need to turn that off. That is for after program. If you don't want to touch basecamp, you can turn back on email notifications. For now you need to just go on base camp. Or else you're going to get like 50 emails every single day. And it's going to be crazy. So that is the second thing you need to do. It's a requirement, or else you're going to be very annoyed. And I'll show you how to do that in the demo
Lilliana Robinson: for the base camp app itself, you can either access it via Browser, which I know some people prefer, or there is a native app on desktop for both Mac and windows.
Lilliana Robinson: I use the native desktop app. There's also an Ios app for ipad and iphone as well as android. So you guys can download it as many places as you'd like. I do it on my native Mac desktop app, and then Ios, and I think those apps are great. So if you guys want to be able to stay up to date all the time. There's not really a lot of unnecessary noise. So it would be okay to have on your phone. If you are interested
Lilliana Robinson: alright, we can go to the next one.
Lilliana Robinson: So let's take a look inside a project. So if you click on one of those white squares. This is what you'll see, for example, the Hq.
Lilliana Robinson: So when you click on the Hq. This is how we'll run our program. I'll go through each of these tools and then I'll show you. Your individual company program project.
Lilliana Robinson: Go ahead, Akadena.
Lilliana Robinson: The 1st one is message board.
Lilliana Robinson: So each of these tools replaces something else. And I would say, message board replaces email. So the same way that I sent you that very long email on Friday, with all of your relevant updates and deliverables and things. You need to know
Lilliana Robinson: that from now on after tomorrow will go in the message board. So every week you'll get this very long weekly what to expect from me? I tell you more about that in the program handbook. That basically is your roadmap to the program. So every single week there will be a single post on Fridays that gives you every single thing you need to know for the following week. I I highly highly encourage you to read it thoroughly. Those will be in the message board, so those are really important.
Lilliana Robinson: There are also other things that will post. So, as you can see in the message board this
Lilliana Robinson: this group, our alumni, now so techstar Chicago reunion weekend tips for investor introductions. Who's in for a ski trip from Neil, me sending out their demo day link another founder giving a relevant update on their company that they were in a magazine. All of those things are things that would be posted in the message board. So just see it as as if we're all living in a community center, and there's a big bulletin board that has all the announcements. That's the message board.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, next tool. The next one is campfire, which I believe we've renamed for you as chat.
Lilliana Robinson: So this one you should see as a water cooler. This one is the most like a little slack channel where it's just forever going up. And because of that there's no permanence. So we use the campfire or the chat. It's the same thing as something that's
Lilliana Robinson: semi permanent, mostly temporary, so much more social sharing photos, asking if anyone wants to like grab coffee today. Anything like that there should be no expectation for you to have read the Campfire or the Chat. This is just something that's gonna like, ever go and if you want to contribute, you can, if you want to drop a casual shout out, you know, can you guys like this post? I just.
Lilliana Robinson: I just competed in this competition, or you can shout out each other like way to go, Dominique winning that award
Lilliana Robinson: things like that, so much more social.
Lilliana Robinson: much more social, much more casual, much less important. So anything that's important should go in the message board.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, yes, Chloe gave me a great point for message board. There's going to be 2 message boards. One is going to say message board. One's going to say cohort support. So this is something we added. Actually, after this this cohort. So you don't see it in this. Hq. You'll see it in the demo. There's another message board that looks exactly like the 1st one, but it's called cohort support. This is because
Lilliana Robinson: our founders started leaning into helping each other a lot more during program. So we made a whole tool just for them. So you guys can post asks for one another. So can somebody review this like Beta version of my product that I just put out does anybody have any good recommendations on like services to recruit engineers? Does anybody have you know anything like that? You guys can put out asks. And you can help each other in the thread
Lilliana Robinson: that's going to be what cohort support is. I'll show you in the demo.
Lilliana Robinson: But it's very similar to message board. It's just not announcements. It's asking for help from one another.
Lilliana Robinson: Docs and files replaces what would be Google drive for a lot of people. It does integrate with Google drive. So as you can see in this picture, there are Google sheets that are uploaded in to this docs and files the docs and files is just an archive. It's a little vault that has all of the relevant resources and documents that you need. There are also native base camp documents like that group habits decision making. Doc, that's yellow right there. That's a native base camp, Doc.
Lilliana Robinson: And there are also a couple of air tables and Pdfs linked in there. So you'll just find pretty much every resource you need, and it just allows us to put them all in one place which I find really helpful.
Lilliana Robinson: Next
Lilliana Robinson: to dos so to Dos will be not a part of the Hq. Because there are no like group to dos for all of you. However, to dos will be a huge part of your individual company. Project probably one of the biggest parts of
Lilliana Robinson: of your company project. So every week you'll get a weekly to do list. Probably not. A lot during the 1st month. I think I said this yesterday, but once we get into that cadence in months, 2 and 3 every single week you'll have a to do list with deliverables. Relevant to the workshops of that week, as well as external work that we have for you guys. That are part of the curriculum for the program. So to dos are very important. I'll show you in the demo.
Lilliana Robinson: And that's also how we run our team. So you guys are welcome to make extra to do lists for yourselves in your company project. If you'd like, I'll show you an example of a team doing that
Lilliana Robinson: next
Lilliana Robinson: automatic check-ins. You can ignore the questions that are in here for this one. We made fun questions for them because they're no longer in program, but automatic check-ins are going to be a very important tool in the Hq. Every Monday. After we finish mentor madness, it will ask you to post your Kpi update.
Lilliana Robinson: So that's where you'll post your Kpi update, you'll be able to comment on one another's, and your eirs will be able to comment. So it'll be an asynchronous Kpi check in, and you'll talk about what you, what metrics you hit this week, what you didn't, why, how? You're going to make sure you hit the next week, and what your goals are for the next week, so I'll post a whole separate message about that and what your templates
Lilliana Robinson: I'll post a template for you guys to use. But that's what automatic check-ins is going to be used for. So super important there.
Lilliana Robinson: And lastly, is the schedule. So the schedule like replaces. But I would say, complements Google Calendar. So it will be exactly reflective of the Google Calendar. And we'll every week make sure that it stays up to date with any changes that are made in the Google Calendar, which leads me to something I didn't say in orientation yesterday, which is that the Google Calendar, right now that we have shared with all Ceos, and that we will share with everyone who completes the class roster after tomorrow
Lilliana Robinson: is 95% set.
Lilliana Robinson: So just take it with a grain of salt. Sometimes things will need to move, because external hosts have their own lives. They're doing this as give first.st And sometimes things come up. Sometimes their children get sick, or they actually need to miss something or reschedule. And so we are pretty gracious because we appreciate that they're sharing their time. In the 1st place, sometimes things will need to move. So just know that that's not like a hundred percent cement. Sometimes you'll look at it, and then
Lilliana Robinson: things will have shifted up or down. And that's just part of the game, so we try not to do it within like 2448 h of something. And if it's the week of we also try not to make it a huge shift. So you'll just see some changes happening, and just know that it's like 90 to 95%. Set
Lilliana Robinson: the schedule here. The whole purpose of having it in base camp as well. Is redundant, so that you can just have redundant information because it's very helpful, but also in base camp, you can ask questions below each event. So in Google Calendar. There's no way to ask us things about certain events. There's no way to post notes that you might have taken, that you want to share with the class anything like that.
Lilliana Robinson: But in base camp, in the schedule every single event is commentable. So you can start a thread under. You can ask questions. We can share the contact info for the host. You guys can post notes or ask questions about it, and it can all live in the event in base camp.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright cool. So those are the tools. Can you go back? One slide, Akadena? Does anyone have any questions about the tools before I go into the demo.
Lilliana Robinson: just like the basic uses of the tools.
Uğur Koç: So like, can we, you know, create a drive within our Google drive like, create a folder, maybe, and then attach it to here, so that you know we can use it as a
Uğur Koç: funnel to.
Uğur Koç: you know, like anything we want text size related. We can just drag and drop there, and will it show up here, or like.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, so you can't link. That's a great question, or you can't link the folder. You can only link individual documents. So you would make a folder in docs and files, and you would just link the individual documents as you make new documents.
Uğur Koç: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Any other questions.
Morgan Stanton: A quick question about the schedule. So the the Google Calendar linking
Morgan Stanton: like, would it my calendar show up if I link mine here to the schedule, or I'm just seeing the tech stars
Morgan Stanton: play plastered on my schedule on my Count Google Calendar like, is it equal? Back and forth? My events show up here.
Lilliana Robinson: It's actually not integrated. So it's manually added here. But.
Morgan Stanton: Okay. Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: I have tried to code an integration for this, for, like the whole time that I've been here, and it just hasn't happened yet. But maybe Neil can ask them in the future to do that. But for now we're just, we just do it manually. So there are ways to like slightly integrate, but it doesn't stay up to date. So if you like, have a set calendar that you want to put in your company project like you can. You can like integrate your schedule, but it will just be like a 1 time copy over. It won't be like a live integration.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. So this will be. This is manually populated by our lovely Akatina here. Every week.
Lilliana Robinson: So there's no like thing that keeps it up to date.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool. Any other questions.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright, let's go into the live demo. I'll take over screen sharing. Now, Kaduna.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. So I have a lot more projects now than I did back then.
Lilliana Robinson: as you can see, we run our
Lilliana Robinson: our team on here. So I left these on here so that you guys could see, like the colored ones.
Lilliana Robinson: our all hands. That's where our whole team lives. We also work on eco dev, and we have some associates that help us with that rising stars is something we haven't talked about yet. Neil will talk about it on the retreat, but this is a small pre accelerator fund for underrepresented founders that Neil raised
Lilliana Robinson: an 8 million dollar fund for that I've been helping him with since 2020. So that's something that we're still working on port coast support is where you guys go after your alumni. So we still help our 150 alumni companies every single day. Sourcing and selection is how we got you guys here. And that's where every single bit of deliberation happened. And then these 2
Lilliana Robinson: blank ones, the ones that don't have any color on them. That's what you'll see. So I just wanted you guys to see how we run our team on base camp but when you guys come onto base camp, what you're gonna see is the Hq. And your company project. So Travaris is one of the companies from our last cohort, so I'll show you their project
Lilliana Robinson: when you click in. This is your company. Hq.
Lilliana Robinson: Everything in here is kind of blank right now, but it will soon be populated. But with a bunch of messages and things you need to know, Chloe has already started with some important information, so you'll log in.
Lilliana Robinson: remember? We have 2 message boards. The 1st one is where a bunch of announcements and things like that will happen if you guys have an announcement for the class as well. You can also post in the message board.
Lilliana Robinson: But if you have an a message that is more leaning toward. You want the classes support on something you need to post it in cohort support. The reason for that is because you guys will get to the point where we have, like one or 2 people asking for support a day. So we need to like siphon it off from the announcements that need to be read. So in cohort support
Lilliana Robinson: you can press new message, and then we have categories, so it will usually be an ask if it's cohort support, and you can put a title, and then you can post it. So that's how it works. When you want to post something and get help from your class
Lilliana Robinson: docs and files.
Lilliana Robinson: you'll find workshop resources such as decks. From our external workshop hosts. Here we'll post all of our workshop recordings whenever we are able to record. Not every session will be allowed to be recorded. But when we are we'll post it here. We have a couple of things for you guys to read. Once you get in such as the code of contact things like that, I'll also email that to you tomorrow. And then we have resources for you, such as how to get into our office things like that. And then, lastly, we'll put the program handbook in there.
Lilliana Robinson: We already have a welcome message for you guys to read when we you get in here as well. If we scroll down the campfire is where you guys will be able to chat, so you can already start saying, Hi! In there, once you get onboarded schedule is where you'll find the calendar. And then, like I said, Kpi, check-ins will start a little bit later. You don't have to worry about that yet.
Lilliana Robinson: Then you'll go into your own company project. I'm showing you one that's extremely populated already. So you can see how it was used. So this was Trevaris last program. They uploaded all of their relevant docs in here, so they put
Lilliana Robinson: a lot of deliverables for the tasks we gave them, as well as like Mentor wish lists, documents. They wanted us to read things like that
Lilliana Robinson: to dos. They completed all of their to dos, and this is a group that also made their own. So, as you can see, we have week, 5 week, 6, 7, 8. They we have all of the weekly to dos that
Lilliana Robinson: I send it to you guys. But they also made their own for their team. CEO admin to do list, launch personalization service, acquire unique inventory, content strategy. So these were for their actual brand. These are things that they were working on. Aside from the tech stars work. That's because this team chose to do that and they were tracking their progress up here on the hill chart.
Lilliana Robinson: You guys don't have to do that. You can just complete the weekly to do list that we give you. But that's an option, and I think that they thrived because of it. They were an extremely organized team, and I like that. They wanted to implement that and have it all in one place
Lilliana Robinson: message board over here. This is where we'll assign you the data room curriculum much later, like starting in week 7. But also this is where we'll send you messages that are only specific to you, such as your mentor, madness, schedule, or an up like an update when a mentor is going to be gone, or something like that. Things that only you need to know will post a message board for you.
Lilliana Robinson: The last thing I wanted to show you in this demo is clicking on the settings up here. So the way that you're going to add your headshot the 1st thing you're going to do when you get in here is you click profile, and you'll be able to change your picture
Lilliana Robinson: the next thing. Change your notification settings. So you go up here and click, change your notification settings. And right here.
Lilliana Robinson: send me email notification. This needs to be unchecked and then save very, very important before you do anything else.
Lilliana Robinson: I also like to go over the notifications down here the when. This is a really cool and unique feature from base camp.
Lilliana Robinson: You should know that if you're gonna have the app.
Lilliana Robinson: things will be happening at all times of the day into the night, and everything we have people that are in on all kinds of time zones. Also our team likes to work at night. Sometimes instead of during the day, like, we will send you messages at 1011, 12 at night. It's up to you to moderate your own notifications. So something that base camp does which is awesome is work can wait. So if you want to get no notifications outside of working hours, or outside of whatever hours you set.
Lilliana Robinson: you set that, and then it'll give you a little wrap up from everything you missed when you're away when you come back.
Lilliana Robinson: So that's up to you. I keep mine always on, because I just manage my own notifications to not pop up during certain times, using like Apple's focus settings. But this is up to you. So I just want to make it very clear that the onus is on you, and you will get messages and like you will get notifications. People will be posting things in the night. And you guys can manage that as you please.
Lilliana Robinson: That is everything I wanted to show you for this live demo.
Lilliana Robinson: I'd love to take questions. I think I'll leave it up in case I need to show any anybody any part of it. But
Lilliana Robinson: that's it.
Annie Brown: I had a quick question, are there any integrations with basecamp like, I know you mentioned the the Google Calendar? One isn't there? But our team uses Asana and just wondering if there's any way to integrate that.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, there, there are a couple of ways. So there are these things here. I'll show you in the company project. So in your company project you guys can do. You can play with base camp as much as you'd like. We have these things here.
Lilliana Robinson: We set up tools
Lilliana Robinson: and they're called doors.
Lilliana Robinson: no. Oh, yeah. Open a door right here. So these are all the integrations where you can add a door. A lot of that is just it's gonna link you externally so it's kind of like a way to get into that tool but also for Asana in docs and files.
Lilliana Robinson: I guess Asana is not something that would have docs. But these are all of the integrations that you can put into your docs and files that will like directly put it in here. So like this Google drive, we're able to like talk through it in the comments
Lilliana Robinson: you can click on it. It'll take you to Google drive. So I like.
NSG: They also, they also have a really robust open Api. So if you want to get crazy with it with your tech team like you could actually do something. Fancy.
Annie Brown: Okay, cool cause. Yeah, I think you know one thing. Just an idea to this presentation is that you know Asana, we just started using it a couple of months back and just trying to up accountability for myself and the team using it. So I think integrating it in here and having the tech stars team. See? It might make us use it a little bit better. So yeah, this is great.
Lilliana Robinson: I have experimented a lot with Zapier and that would probably be your best bet, Annie. So.
Annie Brown: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: So basically like the action would be every time you add a task to Asana. It would like auto populate in a to do list in your base camp project
Lilliana Robinson: so we can work together on that if you want but I know that you can do a lot of really cool population, things with Zapier into dues.
Annie Brown: Yay, okay. Awesome. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: That's a cool question.
Uğur Koç: Another quick question is this material that you know will be working week by week, and you know there's a good amount of organization here is this, you know, all through. It's compatible meaning, you know, after we're done with the program, let's say, can we take this structure out? And you know, maybe put in a drive like file, or any Xml format like, does this work that way? Or maybe a mark down like obsidian does, or.
Lilliana Robinson: I think you can export things, Neil. Do you know, if you can export like their work in the to do's and stuff like that.
NSG: I? There might be a way. I I've never done it, but I can't imagine there wouldn't be if you really wanted to. But the real thing that we have set up here is that you can just access this forever. This will always be available. So if you ever need to get anything from it. It's there.
Uğur Koç: Okay. Thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: Like this is an alumni company right now. So they can come back into this anytime. We have all 150 companies in here with their name having their own project because of Neil's super account.
Lilliana Robinson: And I would say, probably like
Lilliana Robinson: 10 to 15 of them, are actively using their base camp project here. Still.
Lilliana Robinson: neil is totally fine. With that, like you can run your company out of this, even though it's on his account. It's just you'll know when you reach a certain size or a certain bit of success, or a certain amount of employees when you need to get onto your own account, because you still will never be an admin on here. So running your whole company on here is great when it's just like 2 of you. And you're being scrappy, and you don't want to pay for it. But there's a certain time some of our companies have graduated to their own base camp accounts since they got so big.
Lilliana Robinson: Any other questions
Lilliana Robinson: cool. Everyone's ready to jump right into base camp and start using it.
Lilliana Robinson: I see a lot of nods. Okay, cool. That's awesome.
Lilliana Robinson: Well, I know that once you guys get in, you'll have a lot of questions as you're trying to like, work out the kinks and figure out where things are, and what you're supposed to do
Lilliana Robinson: can always ping me or Chloe or Akatina, and we can find things for you. So I know for the 1st few weeks it'll be a lot of like, where is this? I can't find this totally fine. We love helping people with basecamp. And I also want to make sure that you know how important it is that you understand the tool, because the more we go into program the more complex it's gonna be. And if you don't have that foundational knowledge, it's gonna get much more confusing. Like we're gonna start using the check-ins. You'll start having
Lilliana Robinson: more to do lists and things will be happening in many different places. And it'll start feeling overwhelming if you don't understand these basic
Lilliana Robinson: like foundational principles of where everything is, how to use the tools. So make sure that once you're in there, you understand it. I've also gotten on zoom with people before to like Re. Explain it. So don't be shy if you need help.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright. So I think I got us out 15 min early, so we can take a extra long lunch break and be back here at noon. Pst, I'll stick around for a couple more minutes in case people do have some questions, but other than that, I can't wait to see your companies at noon. See you in an hour 15.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Last quick reminder.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Fill out your class roster email, me your non full time participants so I can get them set up in base camp.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: and I have office hours on Thursday. If anyone wants to go over this again, that's all.
Lilliana Robinson: Yay!
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Thank you so much.
Lilliana Robinson: Obviously.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: The health.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: See? You soon, guys.
Lilliana Robinson: Bye.